[Teams] admin override instructions (#2789)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-devices/warp/warp-settings.md

</div>
</details>

When the toggle is enabled, end users will be able to make changes to the WARP client configuration if they have a one-time password. When the toggle is disabled, one-time passwords will not be generated, and end users will not be able to change the client's configuration. 

You can also set a timeout to define how long the WARP client should be paused once the end user disables it. Once the time is up, the WARP client will automatically reconnect.

To apply Admin override:

1. Log in to the Teams Dashboard and ensure the **Admin override** toggle is enabled. 
1. Next, retrieve the 7-digit override code for one or more of your connected devices by navigating to **My Team** > **Devices** > **Connected devices**, clicking on **View** for the desired devices, and scrolling down to **User details**.
1. Copy the code and share it with the end users for them to enter on their devices.

> The users will then need to open the WARP client on their devices, navigate to **Preferences** > **Advanced** > **Enter code**, and paste the override code in the popup window. The WARP client will now show as `Disconnected` and mentions the time when it will automatically reconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The end users will then need to open the WARP client on their devices, navigate to **Preferences** > **Advanced** > **Enter code**, and enter the override code in the popup window. The WARP client will now show as `Disconnected` and it will mention the time when it will automatically reconnect.
```
`paste > enter` - I wouldn't assume that users could paste it. 
Also, consider using "pop-up window" (I found both "popup [noun]" and "pop-up [noun]" in Dev Docs, but I prefer the dashed version).
